- NATHAN: Ready?
- JODIE: Yeah.
- NATHAN: Cole?
- COLE: Okay, I'm recording.
- NATHAN: Concentrate, Jodie.
Tell me if you feel anything in particular
about any of these objects.
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING)
- JODIE: Can you see anything, Aiden?
- GIRL: Thank you, daddy. It's so pretty!
- NATHAN: Open it.
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING)
(CHUCKLE)
Jodie?
You okay?
- JODIE: Yeah... yeah... I'm...
I'm fine.
- NATHAN: Did you see something?
- JODIE: I saw a little girl.
It was her music box.
- NATHAN: (QUIETLY) Laura...
(PHONE RINGS)
- COLE: Yeah?
Nathan?
Okay, I'll tell 'im.
(HANG UP)
Nathan.
Someone named Ryan Clayton is here to see you,
he said you know what it's about.
- NATHAN: Yes...
I'll be back in the moment.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
- JODIE: Do you know this guy
that come to see Nathan?
- COLE: No idea.
- NATHAN: Listen...
I never... get around to telling her. I need more time.
- RYAN: No.
... need to come with me today. I... I had my orders.
- NATHAN: Er... She's only a child.
My assistant and I...
are the only family she's got.
She doesn't have any idea what's out there.
- RYAN: Look... (SIGH)
Doctor, I see your side of it...
I-I do...
But orders are orders, right?
You gonna bring her to me
or I have to go and get her?
(DOOR OPENS)
- NATHAN: Jodie.
Could you come here, please?
(DOOR CLOSES)
(DOOR OPENS)
- JODIE: What's... What's going on, Nathan?
You-You look upset.
- NATHAN: (EMOTIONALLY) Jodie. (SIGH)
This is Ryan Clayton from the CIA.
The agenc...
The agency wants you to join their
military school programme at camp Parry.
Ryan is gonna take care of you from now on.
You have to go with him, Jodie.
Today.
- JODIE: (EMOTIONALLY) I don't understand!
Why me?
- NATHAN: ... Unit... belongs to the CIA.
They've been tracking your case ever since you arrived.
They know what you and Aiden can do.
- JODIE: I'm begging you, Nathan.
(DOOR OPENS)
Please don't let them take me away.
(DOOR CLOSES)
- NATHAN: (SOFTLY) Jodie, I know...
It's difficult, but...
You need to understand.
This is a... great opportunity for you.
- JODIE: No one can tell me what to do with my life.
- RYAN: Jesus... Listen up, miss Holmes.
I don't give a shit about
your pathetic adolescent pouding...
Alright?
You can rant n' rage all you want...
Just shut your mouth and do what you're told
- JODIE: Go...
...fuck yourself.
- RYAN: Let's go. Come here.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
- NATHAN: Jodie... No...
Jodie, stop immediately!
(SOFTLY) Listen...
Do this for me...
- JODIE: I'll go get my things... (SOBBING)
- NATHAN: (SIGH)
- RYAN: Only the essentials.
We've got everything you need at camp Parry.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
- JODIE: (CRYING)
(SOBBING)
(SAD MUSIC PLAYING)
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
- COLE: Don't worry.
I'm sure you'll be great.
Damn...
I'm gonna miss the hell out of you,
my princess.
- NATHAN: We'll come and see you as soon as second.
I'll never let you down.
You know that, don't you?
I'll always be there for you.
- RYAN: Time to go.